[CIVIS-8000] Add ITR how it works page (#20729)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/intelligent_test_runner/_index.md

{{< img src="continuous_integration/itr_savings.png" alt="Intelligent test runner enabled in a test session showing its time savings.">}}

> Intelligent Test Runner works by analyzing your test suite to determine the code each test covers. It then cross-references that coverage with the files impacted by a new code change. Datadog uses this information to run a selection of relevant, impacted tests, omitting the ones unaffected by the code change and reducing the overall testing duration. Find out more details about [how it works][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intelligent Test Runner works by analyzing your test suite to identify the code each test covers. It then cross-references that coverage with the files impacted by a new code change. Datadog uses this information to run a selection of relevant, impacted tests, omitting the ones unaffected by the code change and reducing the overall testing duration. Find out more details about [How It Works][1].
```

By minimizing the number of tests run per commit, Intelligent Test Runner reduces the frequency of [flaky tests][2] disrupting your pipelines. This can be particularly frustrating when the test flaking is unrelated to the code change being tested. After enabling Intelligent Test Runner for your test services, you can limit each commit to its relevant tests to ensure that flaky tests unrelated to your code change don't end up arbitrarily breaking your build.

### Out-of-the-box configuration limitations

With the default configuration, there are known situations that can cause Intelligent Test Runner to skip tests that should have been run. Specifically, Intelligent Test Runner is not able to automatically detect changes in:

- Library dependencies
- Compiler options
- External services
- Changes to data files in data-driven tests

In these scenarios, Intelligent Test Runner might skip impacted tests with the out-of-the-box configuration.

> There are several configuration mechanisms to ensure that no tests are skipped in these scenarios which are not supported automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several configuration mechanisms that you can use in these scenarios to ensure that no tests are skipped:
```

> - You can mark certain files in your repository as [tracked files](#tracked-files), which causes all tests to run whenever these files are changed. Dockerfiles, Makefiles, dependency files and other build configuration files are good candidates for tracked files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can mark certain files in your repository as [tracked files](#tracked-files), which causes all tests to run whenever these files are changed. Dockerfiles, Makefiles, dependency files, and other build configuration files are good candidates for tracked files.
```

## Configuration

Once you have set up your Datadog library for Intelligent Test Runner, configure it from the [Test Service Settings][5] page. Enabling Intelligent Test Runner requires the `Intelligent Test Runner Activation Write` permission.

{{< img src="continuous_integration/itr_overview.png" alt="Intelligent test runner enabled in test service settings in the CI section of Datadog." style="width:80%;">}}

### Excluded branches

Due to the [limitations](#out-of-the-box-configuration-limitations) described above, the default branch of your repository is automatically excluded from having Intelligent Test Runner enabled. Datadog recommends this configuration to ensure that all of your tests run prior to reaching production.

If there are other branches you want to exclude, add them on the Test Service Settings page. The query bar supports using the wildcard character `*` to exclude any branches that match, such as `release_*`.

### Tracked files

> Tracked files are non-code files that can potentially affect your tests. Changes in tracked files could make your tests fail or change the code coverage of your tests. Examples of files that are good candidates to add as tracked files are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracked files are non-code files that can potentially impact your tests. Changes in tracked files could make your tests fail or change the code coverage of your tests. Examples of files that are good candidates to add as tracked files are:
```

- Dockerfiles used for the CI environment

> - Files that define your dependencies (for example, `pom.xml` in Maven, `requirements.txt` in Python or `package.json` in Javascript)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Files that define your dependencies (for example, `pom.xml` in Maven, `requirements.txt` in Python, or `package.json` in Javascript)
```

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

> [1]: how_it_works

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: /how_it_works
```
